okay time for more riddles the parents
edition
there are three categories of questions
easy which award one point each
average for two points and hard for
three points
we're going to start with the easy ones
remember every correct answer gives you
one point
jason and steven are home alone with
their kids
jason is talking to his mother and
steven is watching a baseball game on
the tv
who's being negligent
jason although both babies might fall
out the window and both dads should
watch out
jason's baby is on the higher floor
whoops milla and gregor
cook dinner for their kids which one of
them is
the most confused
milla she accidentally mixed up the
plates she gave the dog her daughter's
food
and is about to feed her daughter dog
yum sabrina and her son went to the
mountains to spend the day sliding
adam is barbecuing in the backyard while
watching his daughter
who's not watching their child properly
sabrina her son is sliding right into a
big hole in the ice
rebecca and natalie took their kids to
the lake the boys are about to jump from
the cliff
whose child is in danger
natalie's there's rocks under the cliff
her son is about to jump from
megan and rachel were cleaning their
kids rooms
rachel noticed her son's phone and
decided to check it
and rachel found her daughter's diary
who's in trouble
rachel it's bad to read a child's
personal things but she's also going to
be busted
because her daughter is about to walk
into the room
mary and her son are spending time on
the beach
chris and his children are watching a tv
which parent is doing
something wrong
mary it's dangerous for anyone to be in
the water during
thunderstorms now we're moving to harder
questions
every correct answer awards two points
meredith is teaching her daughter to do
her makeup
beverly is teaching her teenager to
style her hair
which mom is doing something wrong
beverly the hair straightener isn't
plugged in
nicole and diana are spending time with
their kids
nicole is reading to her son and diana
is watching cartoons with her daughter
who is not behaving wisely
nicole she forgot about the food that
she's cooking in the oven
and it's burning so it's going to be
takeout tonight
bradley and ryan's sons are blamed for
painting a face on a neighbor's fence
both boys denied doing it and both
fathers believe their sons
who's been misled
ryan his son still has green paint on
his hands that he couldn't properly wash
off
jennifer went for a walk with her son
but she got distracted talking on the
phone
mark left his daughter in a closed car
while he entered a store to buy garden
tools
who has made a bigger mistake
mark it's dangerous to leave people or
animals in a closed car
especially in the heat when the car
warms up very fast
and there's a lack of fresh air inside
brian is teaching his teen son how to
drive
and nancy is cooking a dinner with her
daughter who
isn't being wise
brian nancy's daughter seems to be old
enough to cut an apple
especially under supervision but brian
can't control
all of his son's actions in the car
martha and her son went to the jungle
and she stopped to take some selfies
peter took his son camping and he's
setting up the tent while his son is
trying to light a fire
who's not being smart
martha her baby is approaching a snake
that can
be venomous melissa and stephanie are
doing chores
melissa is handling the laundry and
stephanie is cleaning the kitchen
who should be more careful
stephanie her daughter put her cell
phone in a dishwasher
tiffany and michael's sons came back
home after a study evening at their
friend's house
neither parents are suspicious however
someone's son
wasn't studying tonight who overlooked a
party guy
tiffany her son has a lipstick stain on
his collar
jack and vivian took their kids to
school now jack is walking to work
and vivian is driving to a store who
forgot something
jack he's still wearing his daughter's
pink school backpack
looking good jack charles and penelope
cook
breakfast for their kids which parent
probably didn't get much sleep the
previous night
penelope she gave her daughter a raw
potato
and didn't even peel it sandra
is doing gardening with her daughter
george is watching his child swimming in
a pool
who's being stupid
george he fell asleep and left his son
in the pool
unsupervised what's more the boy took
off his armbands and can drown
uh-oh elizabeth and john's daughters
came home
they said they were doing a group
science project and both parents believe
their daughters
who didn't detect a lie
john his daughter is wearing a sweater
on a hot day
so she could be hiding something
jessica and erin cook to dinner for
their families
jessica cooked thai soup and aaron made
mashed potatoes
who is a bad cook
[Music]
jessica her daughter poured her soup in
a flower pot
travis didn't let his daughter go to her
friend's birthday party
and told her to do her homework all day
christina's son had to spend the day in
his bedroom too
instead of going to the movies when the
teenagers came down to dinner at seven
o'clock
which parent didn't notice they're being
lied to
travis it's raining and his daughter has
wet hair
it means she was outside and not sitting
in her bedroom
and finally the hardest questions for
three points each
dustin is cooking dinner with his
daughter joseph is mowing the lawn while
his child is playing nearby
who isn't smart
joseph lawn mowers are very dangerous
machines
and should never be used if there are
kids around
sean is teaching his little son how to
chop wood
camilla is listening to music and
washing the dishes while her baby is
sleeping upstairs
who's making a mistake
camilla the music is too loud and she
won't hear if her son
wakes up and cries brandon and daniel
are watching their kids playing in the
backyard
who's not being wise
daniel his son is playing in the
sunshine without a hat on
and might get sunstroke
pamela is getting ready for the meeting
with her son's teacher
at 12 o'clock william is driving his son
to a birthday party
who isn't very attentive
pamela she must have confused the time
the meeting was at 12 o'clock but it's
already
1 30. thomas is reading a newspaper
while watching his son
molly is talking on the phone while
dinner is cooking in the oven
who should rethink their actions
molly she forgot to turn on the oven
samantha and bob are sending their kids
on a school field trip
which of the parents forgot to do
something
bob why is he holding his son's lunch
the kid is not eating today
sum up your points to check your results
if you got
25 points or less you scored below
average
but don't worry check some of our other
riddles to train for the next time
if you got 26 to 45 you have an average
result
keep it up if you got between 46 to 60
points
you have an above average result and you
definitely are a riddle's master
and finally if you have 61 or more
you're a real genius
or you're on your second or third time
watching this video
come on fess up